# __Cocos Creator__ v2.0.6 has been released!

__Cocos Creator__ __v2.0.6__ is based on the v2.0.5 upgrade, providing fast access to **Facebook Audience Network** and **Facebook Live Video** on *Android* and *iOS*, while maintaining v2.0.5 stability. __Facebook Audience Network__ is an advertising platform launched by __Facebook__ that provides powerful advertising monetization capabilities. __Facebook Live Video__ is an SDK from __Facebook__ that allows players to play live games directly and share them on __Facebook's__ social network, effectively improving the game's ability to spread. For specific access procedures for these two SDKs, please refer to the document [Facebook Live and Advertising](https://docs.cocos.com/creator/manual/en/sdk/fb-an-and-live.html). In addition, this version also optimizes the build process of for Vivo and OPPO Mini Games. It is recommended to upgrade to this release if you are releasing Vivo and OPPO Mini Games.

## Change list

- Added **Facebook Audience Network** and **Facebook Live Video** integration options to the service panel

- Fixed an issue that Facebook Instant Games could not upload

- Fixed a problem with zip compression for zip packages from Facebook Instant Games

- Optimized the build panel for the vivo game:

- Removed npm path input box

- The app icon is modified to any path, no longer limited to the path of the game project, and a button for selecting the image path function is added to the right of the app icon input box.

- Removed the use of certificate.pem, private.pem certificates fixed in `[game project]/build-templates/jsb-link`, and modified them to choose their own path. At the same time, the certificate is added to the rightmost button of certificate.pem. (Note that using Windows systems requires installing the openssl software and configuring its environment variables beforehand)

- Optimized OPPO mini-game build panel:

  - Removed the npm path input box and the quickgame input box, and __Cocos Creator__ has a built-in quickgame.

  - The app icon is modified to any path, no longer limited to the path of the game project, and a button for selecting the image path function is added to the right of the app icon input box.

- Removed the use of certificate.pem, private.pem certificates fixed in `[game project]/build-templates/jsb-link`, and modified them to choose their own path. At the same time, the certificate is added to the rightmost button of certificate.pem. (Note that using Windows systems requires installing the openssl software and configuring its environment variables beforehand)

- The output path of the packaged rpk is adjusted to be the same as the path when the packet rpk is not set, in the `[game project]/build/quickgame/build/` directory. And when you package the packet rpk, only one rpk file will be generated, and no other sub-package directories will be generated.

- WeChat mini game is not enabled by default after ES6 to ES5

- Limit the maximum number of concurrent downloads (`cc.macro.DOWNLOAD_MAX_CONCURRENT`) to less than 10 by default on WeChat games.

- Fixed an error when WeChat game called `cc.game.end()`

- QQ light game build allows direct packaging of zip files for easy uploading of the server

- Fixed a problem with Mask rendering on QQ Light Games

- Fixed an issue where Android Instant platform crashed after compiling Android + AnySDK

## Follow-up version notice

**v2.0.7 will be released soon, focusing on optimizing native platform performance**

We will soon be beta testing v2.0.7. In this version we optimized the rendering performance of the engine, especially the Spine and DragonBones of the native platform, and the performance has been greatly improved.

**v2.1 iterations will be more aggressive**

Compared with v2.0, the upgrade of v2.1 will mainly focus on the 3D field. We recommend upgrading new projects with 3D requirements to this version, and establishing contact with us in forums and other channels. Our responsible 3D partners will provide relevant support. . Since v2.1 is a very new version, we will speed up the iteration and try to meet the needs of developers. We will be releasing v2.1.1 in the near future to support 3D scene editing, camera preview and material systems, and to optimize the 3D development process.

----------
### Downloads
[v2.0.6 for macOS](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v2.0.6_mac)
[v2.0.6 for Windows](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v2.0.6_win)
