en/SUMMARY.md, before:

# Cocos2d-x Documentation

-  [Getting Started](index.md)
    - [About Cocos2d-x](about/getting_started.md)
    - [Why Cocos2d-x](about/why.md)
    - [How to learn](about/learn.md)
    - [Where to get help](about/help.md)
    - [How to contribute](about/how.md)

-  [Basic Cocos2d-x Concepts](basic_concepts/index.md)
    - [Main Components](basic_concepts/getting_started.md)
    - [Director](basic_concepts/director.md)
    - [Scenes and the Scene graph](basic_concepts/scene.md)
    - [Sprites](basic_concepts/sprites.md)
    - [Actions](basic_concepts/actions.md)
    - [Sequences and Spawns](basic_concepts/sequences.md)
    - [Parent Child Relationship](basic_concepts/parent_child.md)
    - [Logging](basic_concepts/logging.md)

-  [Sprites](sprites/index.md)
    - [What are Sprites](sprites/getting_started.md)
    - [Creating Sprites](sprites/creating.md)
    - [Spritesheets](sprites/spritesheets.md)
    - [SpriteFrame Cache](sprites/spriteframe_cache.md)
    - [Sprite Manipulation](sprites/manipulation.md)
    - [Polygon Sprite](sprites/polygon.md)

-  [Actions](actions/index.md)
    - [What are Actions](actions/getting_started.md)
    - [Basic Actions](actions/basic.md)
    - [Sequences](actions/sequences.md)
    - [Sequence Internals](actions/sequence_internals.md)

-  [Building and Transitioning Scenes](scenes/index.md)
    - [What are Scenes?](scenes/getting_started.md)
    - [Creating Scenes](scenes/creating.md)
    - [Transitioning Scenes](scenes/transitioning.md)

-  [UI Components](ui_components/index.md)
    - [Widgets](ui_components/getting_started.md)
    - [Label](ui_components/labels.md)
    - [Menu](ui_components/menus.md)
    - [Buttons](ui_components/buttons.md)
    - [Checkbox](ui_components/checkboxes.md)
    - [Loading Bar](ui_components/loading_bar.md)
    - [Slider](ui_components/sliders.md)
    - [TextField](ui_components/textfields.md)

-  [Other Node Types](other_node_types/index.md)
    - [More than just a Node](other_node_types/getting_started.md)
    - [TileMap](other_node_types/tilemap.md)
    - [Particle System](other_node_types/particles.md)
    - [Parallax](other_node_types/parallax.md)

-  [Event Dispatcher](event_dispatcher/index.md)
    - [What is the EventDispatch mechanism](event_dispatcher/getting_started.md)
    - [Types of event listeners](event_dispatcher/types.md)
    - [Events Priority](event_dispatcher/priority.md)
    - [Touch Events](event_dispatcher/touch.md)
    - [Keyboard Events](event_dispatcher/keyboard.md)
    - [Accelerometer Events](event_dispatcher/accelerometer.md)
    - [Mouse Events](event_dispatcher/mouse.md)
    - [Creating Custom Events](event_dispatcher/custom.md)
    - [Registering Events](event_dispatcher/registering.md)

-  [3D](3d/index.md)
    - [Terminology](3d/terminology.md)
    - [Sprite3D](3d/sprite3d.md)
    - [Animation](3d/animation.md)
    - [Camera](3d/camera.md)
    - [Cubemap Texture](3d/cubemap.md)
    - [Skybox](3d/skybox.md)
    - [Lighting](3d/lighting.md)
    - [Terrain](3d/terrain.md)
    - [Tools](3d/tools.md)
    - [Advanced 3D Topics](3d/advanced.md)

-  [Scripting](scripting/index.md)
    - [Script component](scripting/script_component.md)

-  [Physics](physics/index.md)
    - [Physics is scary!](physics/getting_started.md)
    - [Terminology and concepts](physics/concepts.md)
    - [Collision](physics/collisions.md)
    - [Queries](physics/queries.md)
    - [Debugging/Disabling](physics/debugging.md)

-  [Audio](audio/index.md)
    - [Getting Started](audio/getting_started.md)
    - [Playing Sound](audio/playing.md)
    - [Manipulating Sound](audio/operations.md)
    - [Advanced Topics](audio/advanced.md)
    - [Audio Engines Compared](audio/engines.md)

-  [Advanced Topics](advanced_topics/index.md)
    - [File System Access](advanced_topics/filesystem.md)
    - [Networking with HTTP](advanced_topics/networking.md)
    - [Shaders and Materials](advanced_topics/shaders.md)
    - [Optimizing Graphics](advanced_topics/optimizing.md)
    - [SQLite](advanced_topics/sqlite.md)

-  [Software Installations](installation/index.md)
    - [Prerequisites](installation/prerequisites.md)
    - [Android](installation/Android-Studio.md)
      - [Studio](installation/Android-Studio.md)
      - [Command-line (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-terminal.md)
      - [Visual Studio (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-VisualStudio.md)
      - [Eclipse (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-Eclipse.md)
    - [iOS](installation/iOS.md)
    - [macOS](installation/OSX.md)
    - [Linux](installation/Linux.md)
    - [Tizen (**Deprecated**)](installation/Tizen.md)
    - [Windows](installation/Windows.md)
      - [Windows](installation/Windows.md)
      - [Windows Phone (**Deprecated**)](installation/Windows-Phone.md)
    - [CMake Guide](installation/CMake-Guide.md)

-  [Tools](editors_and_tools/index.md)
    - [Command-Line tool](editors_and_tools/cocosCLTool.md)
    - [Creator to Cocos2d-x](editors_and_tools/creator_to_cocos2dx.md)

-  [Tutorials](tutorials/index.md)
    -  [Storing Game Data](tutorials/storing-game-data/index.md)
    -  [You're On Camera](tutorials/youre-on-camera/index.md)

-  [FAQ of Solutions](faq/index.md)
    -  [FAQ](faq/index.md)

Commit message:

SUMMARY - EN - add entry for Dr. Mario style tutorial

en/SUMMARY.md, after:

# Cocos2d-x Documentation

-  [Getting Started](index.md)
    - [About Cocos2d-x](about/getting_started.md)
    - [Why Cocos2d-x](about/why.md)
    - [How to learn](about/learn.md)
    - [Where to get help](about/help.md)
    - [How to contribute](about/how.md)

-  [Basic Cocos2d-x Concepts](basic_concepts/index.md)
    - [Main Components](basic_concepts/getting_started.md)
    - [Director](basic_concepts/director.md)
    - [Scenes and the Scene graph](basic_concepts/scene.md)
    - [Sprites](basic_concepts/sprites.md)
    - [Actions](basic_concepts/actions.md)
    - [Sequences and Spawns](basic_concepts/sequences.md)
    - [Parent Child Relationship](basic_concepts/parent_child.md)
    - [Logging](basic_concepts/logging.md)

-  [Sprites](sprites/index.md)
    - [What are Sprites](sprites/getting_started.md)
    - [Creating Sprites](sprites/creating.md)
    - [Spritesheets](sprites/spritesheets.md)
    - [SpriteFrame Cache](sprites/spriteframe_cache.md)
    - [Sprite Manipulation](sprites/manipulation.md)
    - [Polygon Sprite](sprites/polygon.md)

-  [Actions](actions/index.md)
    - [What are Actions](actions/getting_started.md)
    - [Basic Actions](actions/basic.md)
    - [Sequences](actions/sequences.md)
    - [Sequence Internals](actions/sequence_internals.md)

-  [Building and Transitioning Scenes](scenes/index.md)
    - [What are Scenes?](scenes/getting_started.md)
    - [Creating Scenes](scenes/creating.md)
    - [Transitioning Scenes](scenes/transitioning.md)

-  [UI Components](ui_components/index.md)
    - [Widgets](ui_components/getting_started.md)
    - [Label](ui_components/labels.md)
    - [Menu](ui_components/menus.md)
    - [Buttons](ui_components/buttons.md)
    - [Checkbox](ui_components/checkboxes.md)
    - [Loading Bar](ui_components/loading_bar.md)
    - [Slider](ui_components/sliders.md)
    - [TextField](ui_components/textfields.md)

-  [Other Node Types](other_node_types/index.md)
    - [More than just a Node](other_node_types/getting_started.md)
    - [TileMap](other_node_types/tilemap.md)
    - [Particle System](other_node_types/particles.md)
    - [Parallax](other_node_types/parallax.md)

-  [Event Dispatcher](event_dispatcher/index.md)
    - [What is the EventDispatch mechanism](event_dispatcher/getting_started.md)
    - [Types of event listeners](event_dispatcher/types.md)
    - [Events Priority](event_dispatcher/priority.md)
    - [Touch Events](event_dispatcher/touch.md)
    - [Keyboard Events](event_dispatcher/keyboard.md)
    - [Accelerometer Events](event_dispatcher/accelerometer.md)
    - [Mouse Events](event_dispatcher/mouse.md)
    - [Creating Custom Events](event_dispatcher/custom.md)
    - [Registering Events](event_dispatcher/registering.md)

-  [3D](3d/index.md)
    - [Terminology](3d/terminology.md)
    - [Sprite3D](3d/sprite3d.md)
    - [Animation](3d/animation.md)
    - [Camera](3d/camera.md)
    - [Cubemap Texture](3d/cubemap.md)
    - [Skybox](3d/skybox.md)
    - [Lighting](3d/lighting.md)
    - [Terrain](3d/terrain.md)
    - [Tools](3d/tools.md)
    - [Advanced 3D Topics](3d/advanced.md)

-  [Scripting](scripting/index.md)
    - [Script component](scripting/script_component.md)

-  [Physics](physics/index.md)
    - [Physics is scary!](physics/getting_started.md)
    - [Terminology and concepts](physics/concepts.md)
    - [Collision](physics/collisions.md)
    - [Queries](physics/queries.md)
    - [Debugging/Disabling](physics/debugging.md)

-  [Audio](audio/index.md)
    - [Getting Started](audio/getting_started.md)
    - [Playing Sound](audio/playing.md)
    - [Manipulating Sound](audio/operations.md)
    - [Advanced Topics](audio/advanced.md)
    - [Audio Engines Compared](audio/engines.md)

-  [Advanced Topics](advanced_topics/index.md)
    - [File System Access](advanced_topics/filesystem.md)
    - [Networking with HTTP](advanced_topics/networking.md)
    - [Shaders and Materials](advanced_topics/shaders.md)
    - [Optimizing Graphics](advanced_topics/optimizing.md)
    - [SQLite](advanced_topics/sqlite.md)

-  [Software Installations](installation/index.md)
    - [Prerequisites](installation/prerequisites.md)
    - [Android](installation/Android-Studio.md)
      - [Studio](installation/Android-Studio.md)
      - [Command-line (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-terminal.md)
      - [Visual Studio (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-VisualStudio.md)
      - [Eclipse (**Deprecated**)](installation/Android-Eclipse.md)
    - [iOS](installation/iOS.md)
    - [macOS](installation/OSX.md)
    - [Linux](installation/Linux.md)
    - [Tizen (**Deprecated**)](installation/Tizen.md)
    - [Windows](installation/Windows.md)
      - [Windows](installation/Windows.md)
      - [Windows Phone (**Deprecated**)](installation/Windows-Phone.md)
    - [CMake Guide](installation/CMake-Guide.md)

-  [Tools](editors_and_tools/index.md)
    - [Command-Line tool](editors_and_tools/cocosCLTool.md)
    - [Creator to Cocos2d-x](editors_and_tools/creator_to_cocos2dx.md)

-  [Tutorials](tutorials/index.md)
    - [Storing Game Data](tutorials/storing-game-data/index.md)
    - [You're On Camera](tutorials/youre-on-camera/index.md)
    - [Dr. Mario in Cocos Creator](tutorials/dr-mario-style-game.md)

-  [FAQ of Solutions](faq/index.md)
    -  [FAQ](faq/index.md)
