README.md, before:

# Cocos Documentation User Manual

### Contributing to these docs
We always welcome contributions to our documentation.

  - Fork our [docs repo](https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x-docs)
  - __en/__ is for English contributions, __zh/__ is for 中文 contributions.
  - code blocks must be wrapped in special code to work correctly:
    - C++ only code block:
      ```html
      {% codetabs name="C++", type="cpp" -%}
      auto mySprite = Sprite::create("mysprite.png", Rect(0,0,40,40));
      {%- endcodetabs %}
  - Test your changes using `gitbook build` and `gitbook serve`. Please test in a few web browsers. See [Requirements](#Requirements).
  - Submit a *pull request* with your changes and we will review and merge it.

## Requirements
This documentation site is powered by [GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/). You need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and npm to be able to build the site.

To install gitbook:

```bash
npm install gitbook-cli -g
```

Install gitbook plugins:

```bash
gitbook install
```

## Preview and Build
To preview the doc, run the following command in cocos2d-x-docs dictionary:

```bash
gitbook serve
```

This will build and launch web server to host the site. It will also enable livereload plugin so your changes to the markdown source file will automatically triggers rebuild of the docs.

If you just want to build the markdown to html, use this command:

```bash
gitbook build
```

Commit message:

Update the README.md to improve clarity (#138)
Rewrote several sentences and paragraphs for clarity. Corrected multiple spelling and grammar errors. All original information was maintained.

README.md, after:

# Cocos Documentation User Manual

### Contributing to these docs
Contributions to the Cocos documentation are always welcome. To edit a document, please fork the Cocos [docs repository](https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x-docs).

Notes:
  - The __en/__ directory contains English contributions. The __zh/__ directory contains 中文 contributions.
  - Code blocks must be wrapped in this special code to work correctly:
    - C++ only code block:
      ```html
      {% codetabs name="C++", type="cpp" -%}
      auto mySprite = Sprite::create("mysprite.png", Rect(0,0,40,40));
      {%- endcodetabs %}
  - Changes must be tested using `gitbook build` and `gitbook serve`, and must be tested in multiple web browsers. For more information, see the [Requirements](#Requirements) section below.
  - Submit completed changes via a *pull request* so they can be reviewed and merged.

## Requirements
This documentation site is powered by [GitBook](https://www.gitbook.com/). You need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and npm to be able to build it.

To install gitbook:

```bash
npm install gitbook-cli -g
```

To install gitbook plugins:

```bash
gitbook install
```

## Preview and Build
To preview the documentation site, run the following command in the cocos2d-x-docs directory:

```bash
gitbook serve
```

This command will build and launch a web server to host the site. It will also enable the *livereload* plugin, which ensures that changes to the markdown source files automatically trigger a rebuild of the documentation site.

To build the html markdown only, use this command:

```bash
gitbook build
```
