## Cocos Creator v1.10.0
 
The complete list of changes is as follows:

Compared to v1.9, the v1.10 version adds a lot of features, refactoring the resources of the engine, and greatly optimizing the size of the __settings.js__ file. In addition, v1.10 also supports game code subcontracting on WeChat games, web and native platforms. This will break through the 4MB limit of WeChat's first package and increase the game loading speed. See [Code Subcontract Loading](http://docs.cocos.com/creator/manual/en/scripting/subpackage.html). At the same time, v1.10 has rewritten a lot of editor code, improving the editor's experience and performance. If your project is planned to be upgraded to v2.0 later, please upgrade to v1.10 in advance to ensure that the entire upgrade process is as smooth as possible.

## RELEASE NOTES

### Resource upgrade

Since v1.10, Cocos Creator has refactored the underlying resource types. Most projects are not affected, but some projects may receive some warnings. For details, please refer to [v1.10 Resource Upgrade Guide](http:// Docs.cocos.com/creator/manual/zh/release-notes/raw-asset-migration.html).

### What's New
### Cocos Creator 1.10.2 released!

__v1.10.2__ is a bug fix for v1.10.1. It is recommended that all 1.10 users update the version in time. v2.0 users do not need to downgrade, as this version of the fix is ​​already included in the recently released v2.0.2. 

In addition, v1.10.2 does not include a complete fix for WeChat games and QQ play in v2.0.2, so if you need to publish to the small game platform, it is recommended to upgrade to the latest v2.0.2 version. Good quality is inseparable from careful polishing. Thank you very much for your feedback from the forums, GitHub, Cocos technical services and other channels.

### RELEASE NOTES

#### Editor

* Fixed an issue where properties such as Widget.enabled were not properly restored after exiting the animation editing mode
* Fixed an issue where the animation was not saved after editing but the record remained in the editor.
* Improve the node expansion and folding operations of the hierarchy manager
* Improve the style performance of the hierarchical manager and resource manager when dragging nodes
* Fix the problem that the component will collapse when the component's activation box is clicked
* When the recovery resource manager copies multiple files, only the first one is copied.
* Fix the problem that the editor frame rate will be low when the selected particle exits the animation editor
* Fix an issue where importing an unsupported fnt can cause the editor to get stuck
* Start the language selection dialog in the page to get the system settings directly

#### Engine

* Fix removeAllActions can't remove all action issues
* Fix touch position offset caused by SHOW ALL mode
* Fix an issue where Editbox is hidden after 90 degrees of rotation on Chrome
* Fix the direction of gravity sensing when the vertical screen game is displayed on the horizontal screen when the lock screen is fixed.
* Fix getting empty tiledLayer properties
* Fixed a lot of load performance caused by calling loader loading API
* Fix stopAllEffect, pauseAllEffects, setEffectsVolume will affect the background music problem at the same time
* Fix issue where once event listener can't block flat touch events
* Fix the problem that touchstart coordinates are wrong on WeChat games
* Fixed some of the black screen problems caused by emoji caused by QQ playing and playing.
* Fixed some issues caused by passing null on java and js calls to each other on native platforms
* Fix calculation error for `Vec2.signAngle`
* Fixed a problem where multiple lines of text boxes could not be wrapped in some cases
* Fix ScrollView will have a deviation from the size of the mask when it is inconsistent with the size of the mask.
* Fix the ScrollView to the bottom right or top left corner, the wheel has a probability to display anomalous problems

### Downloads
[Windows](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v1.10.2_win) and [Mac](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v1.10.2_mac)


