## Cocos Creator 1.6.2 released!

Get it here: [OS X](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v1.6.2_mac) or [Windows](http://cocos2d-x.org/filedown/CocosCreator_v1.6.2_windows)

### What Is Different

#### Major Highlights
- Building for Web platform, the md5 embedded in file name feature now supports all script files
- Added option for integrating AnySDK library for either AppStore or jailbreak channel
- Fixed a lot of native memory leaks
- Enhance browser compatibility on the Web platform

#### Specific Details

##### Editor

- [Build] When building the Web platform, if you enable md5Cache, all the resources and script file name will have md5 info embedded.
- [Build] When compiling jsc for native platform, keeps line number in jsc for debugging. Also added js file backup for debug version.
- [Build] Fix problems with Android Studio debugging failure.
- [Build] Added option for integrating AnySDK library for either AppStore or jailbreak channel
- [Build] Fixed on Windows md5Cache option not working when project folder and Creator program is not in the same disk partition.
- [TypeScript] Fixed 1.6.1 Warning when creating a TypeScript script
- [TypeScript] Fixed errors that occurs when defining Class's getter in TypeScript
- [Properties] Fixed script preview error "can not set property 'innerHTML' of null"
- [Properties] improves the fault handling when the attribute type is failed to find
- [Preview] Fixed stuck issue when eruda is enabled and printing log.

##### Engine

- [JSB] Fixed Spidermonkey v52 frequent switching scenes will not take the initiative GC problem
- [JSB] support the use of Firefox remote debugger for JSB debugging.
- [JSB] Fixed scheduleOnce causing memory leak problem
- [JSB] Fixed Cocos2dxActivity is re-created which causes crash if launching app first time and re-opening from icon
- [Engine] Fixed WebSocket may crash when there's no js delegate issue.
- [Engine] Fixed JS_EncodeStringToUTF8 may cause problems with memory leaks
- [Engine] Fixed cc.game.restart can not destroy the persistRootNodes problem.
- [Engine] Fixed Android QQ misjudge cc.sys.browserType issue.
- [Engine] Fixed Android Opera misjudge cc.sys.browserType issue.
- [Engine] Fixed the nodes under the Mask may cause click detection failed when works together with Camera.
- [Engine] Fixed bug that Texture2D.url can not be fetched on native platform
- [Engine] [iOS] Default audio session mode should be set to AVAudioSessionCategoryAmbient
- [Engine] Adjust the execution order of requestAnimationFrame to mainLoop before avoiding the operation of setFrameRate -> cancelAnimationFrame.
- [Action] Fix nested sequence with `repeat` being considered as reversed issue
- [iOS] Fixed an issue where the iOS resolution was incorrect due to the launch image setting error
- [Audio] Fixing a user to log off an event can affect the issue of internal event monitoring.

##### Components

- [Camera] Fix bug that affects the coordinates in global event parameters
- [RichText] Add the handleTouchEvent property to cancel this property to avoid the RichText blocking event
- [RichText] After the event is being monitored, the event is no longer distributed to the parent node
- [RichText] Fixed bug with RichText size of 0
- [EditBox] Fixed EditBox placeHolder text Color setting may not take effect on native platform issue.
- [EditBox] Fixed EditorBox Enter after responding 2 times editBoxEditingReturn event (Windows platform)
- [EditBox] Fixed FireFox browser The EditorBox type is Number that can not get the focus
- [WebView] Fixed Webview loaded web page after playing music, switching the scene will continue to play the problem
- [Layout] Fix Layout conflicts with Widget, resulting in an unlimited increase in Layout size
- [Widget] repair RichText by Widget role may cause the editor to report the problem
- [Mask] Fixes the problem that the mask rectangle type position does not match the display
- [ScrollView] Added the scroll began and scroll ended events
- [DragonBones] Fix DragonBones objects in native platform memory does not release the problem
- [Tiledmap] Fix tilemap culling incorrectly
