en/installation/Linux.md, before:

# Linux Installation and Setup

## Prerequisites
A supported environment. See **[Installation Prerequisites](prerequisites.md)**

## Ubuntu versions
We support Ubuntu 12.10+, however, newer versions of Ubuntu have changed and the steps to install Cocos2d-x and required dependencies are a bit different. This requires some manual effort and this doc will outline what is required.

## Setting up Cocos2d-x
You can get started with __Cocos2d-x__ by either downloading a self-contained __.zip__ from the [website](https://cocos2d-x.org/download) or by cloning our
[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x). Pick what works for you. __There is no need to do both.__

### By downloading a .zip archive
Download Cocos2d-x and unzip it. (maybe: __~/__ or __~/Projects__ )

### Cloning from GitHub
Use the following commands to clone our GitHub repo and get your environment setup. If you are not familar with GitHub's workflow, [learn it](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) or download
using the step above, __By downloading a .zip archive__.

Install Python
```sh
// Ubuntu 16.x
sudo apt-get install python2

// Ubuntu 17.x
sudo apt-get install python2.7

// Ubuntu 18.x
sudo apt-get install python-minimal
```

Clone Repo and setup dependencies
```sh
sudo apt-get install git

cd <to where you want to clone this repo>

cd cocos2d-x-root #where your cocos2d-x directory is located.

git clone https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x.git

git submodule update --init

git submodule update

./download-deps.py
```

## Make sure you have a working environment!
See __Prerequisites__ above. This means a working __Python__, having run __cocos2d-x root/setup.py__, updated your __$PATH__ and run __source ~/.bash_profile__.

## Dependencies that you need
Cocos2d-x requires a number of dependencies be installed on your system. Please perform the following steps:

#### Update your system, execute:

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get upgrade
  ```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 16.x only)__

1. Install dependencies
```sh
  // Ubuntu 16.x
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 17.x only)__

1. Add a repo to `/etc/apt/sources.list`

  ```sh
  deb //cz.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial main
  ```
2. Install Dependencies

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
  ```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 18.x only)__

1. Install dependencies.

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
  ```

## Building Cocos2d-x
* Run __cmake__ to generate __makefile__:

  ```sh
  cd cocos2d-x-root # where your cocos2d-x directory is located.
  cd build
  mkdir linux-build
  cd linux-build
  cmake ../..
  ```

* When __cmake__ finishes, many files & folders will be generated in __coocs2dx_root/build/linux-build__

    ![](Linux-img/1.png "")

* Run __make__ to compile:

  ```sh
  make -j 4
  ```

  Everything will be generated in __cocos2dx_root/build/linux-build/bin/cpp-tests/__
  if compiled successfully.

* Some users report issues with __libfmod__. If you encounter issues, please reference this post: [Error while building for linux: libfmod.so.6](https://discuss.cocos2d-x.org/t/error-while-building-for-linux-libfmod-so-6/26553/31?u=doyoque)

* Run `cpp-tests`

  ```sh
  cd cocos2dx_root/build/linux-build/bin/Debug/cpp-tests/
  ./cpp-tests
  ```

## Starting a new project
Once everything above works, you can start a new project! To do this, read our document on the **[Cocos Command-line tool](../editors_and_tools/cocosCLTool.md)**.

Commit message:

Q1 2019 4 (#196)
* Index - increment build number

* Index - edited credits

* Linux Install - added PIE compiler issue and created a known issues section

* Audio - updated formats supported

* Installation - prerequisites for 3.17.1

* Physics - formatting, added clearer code, typos

en/installation/Linux.md, after:

# Linux Installation and Setup

## Prerequisites
A supported environment. See **[Installation Prerequisites](prerequisites.md)**

## Ubuntu versions
We support Ubuntu 12.10+, however, newer versions of Ubuntu have changed and the steps to install Cocos2d-x and required dependencies are a bit different. This requires some manual effort and this doc will outline what is required.

## Setting up Cocos2d-x
You can get started with __Cocos2d-x__ by either downloading a self-contained __.zip__ from the [website](https://cocos2d-x.org/download) or by cloning our
[GitHub Repo](https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x). Pick what works for you. __There is no need to do both.__

### By downloading a .zip archive
Download Cocos2d-x and unzip it. (maybe: __~/__ or __~/Projects__ )

### Cloning from GitHub
Use the following commands to clone our GitHub repo and get your environment setup. If you are not familar with GitHub's workflow, [learn it](https://guides.github.com/activities/hello-world/) or download
using the step above, __By downloading a .zip archive__.

Install Python
```sh
// Ubuntu 16.x
sudo apt-get install python2

// Ubuntu 17.x
sudo apt-get install python2.7

// Ubuntu 18.x
sudo apt-get install python-minimal
```

Clone Repo and setup dependencies
```sh
sudo apt-get install git

cd <to where you want to clone this repo>

cd cocos2d-x-root #where your cocos2d-x directory is located.

git clone https://github.com/cocos2d/cocos2d-x.git

git submodule update --init

git submodule update

./download-deps.py
```

## Make sure you have a working environment!
See __Prerequisites__ above. This means a working __Python__, having run __cocos2d-x root/setup.py__, updated your __$PATH__ and run __source ~/.bash_profile__.

## Dependencies that you need
Cocos2d-x requires a number of dependencies be installed on your system. Please perform the following steps:

#### Update your system, execute:

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get update
  sudo apt-get upgrade
  ```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 16.x only)__

1. Install dependencies
```sh
  // Ubuntu 16.x
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 17.x only)__

1. Add a repo to `/etc/apt/sources.list`

  ```sh
  deb //cz.archive.ubuntu.com/ubuntu xenial main
  ```
2. Install Dependencies

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
  ```

#### Install Dependencies __(Ubuntu 18.x only)__

1. Install dependencies.

  ```sh
  sudo apt-get install g++ libgdk-pixbuf2.0-dev python-pip cmake libx11-dev libxmu-dev libglu1-mesa-dev libgl2ps-dev libxi-dev libzip-dev libpng-dev libcurl4-gnutls-dev libfontconfig1-dev libsqlite3-dev libglew-dev libssl-dev libgtk-3-dev libglfw3 libglfw3-dev xorg-dev
  ```

## Building Cocos2d-x
* Run __cmake__ to generate __makefile__:

  ```sh
  cd cocos2d-x-root # where your cocos2d-x directory is located.
  cd build
  mkdir linux-build
  cd linux-build
  cmake ../..
  ```

* When __cmake__ finishes, many files & folders will be generated in __coocs2dx_root/build/linux-build__

    ![](Linux-img/1.png "")

* Run __make__ to compile:

  ```sh
  make -j 4
  ```

  Everything will be generated in __cocos2dx_root/build/linux-build/bin/cpp-tests/__
  if compiled successfully.

* Run `cpp-tests`

  ```sh
  cd cocos2dx_root/build/linux-build/bin/Debug/cpp-tests/
  ./cpp-tests
  ```

## Starting a new project
Once everything above works, you can start a new project! To do this, read our document on the **[Cocos Command-line tool](../editors_and_tools/cocosCLTool.md)**.

## Known work-arounds

### FMod issues
Some users report issues with __libfmod__. If you encounter issues, please reference this post: [Error while building for linux: libfmod.so.6](https://discuss.cocos2d-x.org/t/error-while-building-for-linux-libfmod-so-6/26553/31?u=doyoque)

### CMake PIE
It may be necessary to add the following line to __CMakeLists.txt__ if a __can not be used when making a PIE object;__ compiler is thrown:
```sh
set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS} -no-pie -fexceptions -std=c++11 -Wno-deprecated-declarations -Wno-reorder")
```
